The folk medicine group snatched 140 kilograms
Stop lifting 160 kg
Total weight 300kg
Ahhh
Let's all take a look.
Son lifts 300kg
This result will make it into the Olympic shortlist
Is the standard a bit low this year?
But this neighboring village except me
No one is better than me
Oops, no doubt about it.
to count
It's the person from our village who made the Olympic shortlist
Hahaha hey
Boss Yang of Genting Group who gave you a bonus
It will come in a while.
Sister, your Yaozu is so promising
So patient
My envious eyes are green
1 million oops
Don't you see who this is?
What 1 million son
If our family Yaozu wins the Olympic championship
Glory for the country
Is that 1 million measurable
Good from today
The Lin family's family tree is about to open a single page for Yao Zu
Hello, let the children and grandchildren of the Lin family remember it firmly
Lin Yaozu's three words
Ah, matching the family tree
Aunt
Are you so sure?
Was the family tree created for you?
Ouch, Lin Wenwen
Are you completely crazy?
That family tree wasn't written for my family, Yao Zu
Is it still open for you, hahahaha?
That's right, the Lin family should open a page for me today
Ouch hahahaha